1.Support Vector Machine

Theory
In machine learning, support-vector machines are supervised learning models with
associated learning algorithms that analyze data used for classification and regression
analysis. Support vector machine is highly preferred by many as it produces significant
accuracy with less computation power. Support Vector Machine, abbreviated as SVM
can be used for both regression and classification tasks. But, it is widely used in
classification objectives. The objective of the support vector machine algorithm is to find
a hyperplane in an N-dimensional space (N — the number of features) that distinctly
classifies the data points.


2. Multi- Linear Regression
Theory
Linear regression analysis is used to predict the value of a variable based on the value of
another variable. The variable you want to predict is called the dependent variable. The
variable you are using to predict the other variable&quot;s value is called the independent
variable. This form of analysis estimates the coefficients of the linear equation, involving
one or more independent variables that best predict the value of the dependent variable.
Linear regression fits a straight line or surface that minimizes the discrepancies between
predicted and actual output values. There are simple linear regression calculators that use
a “least squares” method to discover the best-fit line for a set of paired data. You then
estimate the value of X (dependent variable) from Y (independent variable).


3. Random forest

Theory
Data visualization is crucial in the domains of data analysis and machine learning
because it enables you to see the patterns that are buried in the data. Model interpretation
is made possible by model visualization. With so many Python packages readily available
now, the visualization process is now simple.
 
The more popular models for supervised learning (classification and suppression) tasks
are tree-based models like Decision Trees, Random Forests, and XGBoost. This is due to
the fact that those models fit non-linear data, which are routinely employed in practical
applications, quite well.
The Decision Tree serves as the foundational paradigm for all tree-based models.
Decision trees are used in Random Forests in variations. Here, we&#39;ll talk about four
alternative ways to see each decision tree in a random forest. Please keep in mind that the
techniques covered here can be used to analyze any tree-based model, not just Random
Forests. With just a few lines of code, the Python tools sklearn, graphviz, and dtreeviz
make it simple to construct visualizations.


4.Burglary Alarm

Theory
You have a new burglar alarm installed at home. It is fairly reliable at detecting a
burglary, but also responds on occasion to minor earthquakes. (This example is due to
Judea Pearl, a resident of Los Angeles—hence the acute interest in earthquakes.) You
also have two neighbors, John and Mary, who have promised to call you at work when
they hear the alarm. John nearly always calls when he hears the alarm, but sometimes
confuses the telephone ringing with the alarm and calls then, too. Mary, on the other
hand, likes rather loud music and often misses the alarm altogether. Given the evidence
of who has or has not called, we would like to estimate the probability of a burglary.
